                   CISC/CMPE 454 Assignment 1

               Due January 31, 2020 before class 


Your job is to build a Missile Command game.  Skeleton code has been
provided in this directory.

You may work singly or in pairs, unless you're a graduate student, in
which case you must work singly.

Compile the code:

   On Linux:
     make

   On Windows with Visual Studio:
     Open the a1 Visual Studio Solution file.

Note that your submitted code must work on the CasLab Linux machines,
so it's far better to start with Linux rather than to work on Windows
and then try to port to Linux on the last day.

Modify the code as follows:

1. In mouseButtonCallback(), calculate the (wx,wy) world coordinates
   of the (x,y) mouse position.

2. Modify Missile::hasReachedDestination() to return the correct
   value.

3. Modify State::fireMissile() to create the correct missile, based
   upon the target (x,y) position.

4. Modify State::updateState() to

    4a. Generate a new missile with probability that increases 
        with time, and is randomly aimed at somewhere on the 
        ground.

    4b. Add explosions for missiles (both incoming and outgoing)
        that have reached their desitinations.

    4c. Check for a destroyed city or silo, and remove it from
        the corresponding list.

    4d. Check for the destruction of an incoming missile, and
        remove such missile from the missilesIn list.

5. Add two novel features of your own.  Some suggestions might be

    - Have ballistic missile (under gravity and drag).

    - Have the missile trail fade out behind some fixed distance from
      current position.

    - Have the explosion contract after reaching its maximum diameter.

    - Fade the explosion colour toward the edges.

    - Draw more interesting cities and silos (perhaps with texture
      mapping).

    - Display text to show the remaining numbers of missiles in each
      silo, and display text to show a score (you choose the scoring).
 
    - Add separate levels of play and show a score.

    - Or anything else you think would be interesting and similarly
      challenging to the suggestions above.

6. Your submitted code must work on the CasLab Linux machines.  
   Put all those code into a directory called a1.  Include

     *.cpp
     *.h
     Makefile

     README.txt    a file that (a) lists the NAME and STUDENT NUMBER of
                   you and any partner with whom you worked and (b)
                   describes the two novel features that you made in
                   part 5.

     feature1.png  two images in PNG format showing your two novel features
     feature2.png  in action (using a screen capture, cropped to the window)

   Zip the archive and email it to jstewart@cs.queensu.ca.

YOU WILL LOSE MARKS if your archive is not a 'zip' or IF YOU INCLUDE
EXTRA FILES.  In particular: on Windows, do not include the Debug or
Release or x64 directories or the hidden ".vs" directory; on OSX, do not
include the hidden "__MACOSX" directory.  Verify that your archive
does not have extra files AFTER YOUR HAVE BUILT THE ARCHIVE.
 
